Green Chile Pozole
Jay Gardner
Compiled by Broderick Gardner
License: MIT

Pork Shoulder
	garlic, salt, pepper, cumin rub
	Smoke (6ish hours?)
	Should retain some cohesion
	OR
	smoked pulled pork (less recommended)

	Chop into 1/2 inch cubes
	* I used 2 lbs of pork for one crock pot

Broth
	Smoked turkey wing/neck or smoked pork bones
	Liquid smoke
	Water or chicken broth
	Roasted Garlic and/or onions (if both, roast together a bit before adding)
	Boil for a few hours, add more water if you boil it too low
	Strain out bones
	* My 7q crock pot was just under half full of broth
	* I used 4 smoked pork chops (meat cut off and included) and 3 smoked ham hocks

Green Chile sauce
	Roast on grill: choose
		Hatch Green Chile (hot, unpredictable)
		Pasilla pepper (Medium heat, predictable)
		Green Bell pepper (zero heat)

		They should have charred black and brown and be quite limp
		For me, about 15-20 peppers was more than enough
	Wash chiles, removing the stem, 2/3 of the char, and most seeds
	Combine in blender with a few roasted garlic cloves, chicken bullion, and warm water
		Half the blender with chiles, a few teaspoons of bullion, a couple cups
		of water
	* I used some of all of them, plus a few jalapenos. If the end result has the
		wrong spice level, you can increase it (jalapenos or green chiles) or
		decrease it (bell peppers). Just make a bit more of this sauce the same way
	* In the end, my spice level was good with 7/8 pasilla peppers, 3 jalapenos,
		2 green chiles, and 2 bell peppers.

Mexican Hominy
	* half a 10 size can for a crock pot-sized batch

Combine parts
	Roast minced garlic in large pot
	Add onion (yellow, diced small)
	When onion sweats, add pork
	Wait a bit
	Add broth
	Add hominy
	Add green chile sauce
	* Since my broth was in the crock pot, I actually added the pork, onion, garlic,
		hominy, and chile sauce to the broth. My dad cooks with massive pots on the stove,
		so above is his order.

Let simmer at least 45 minutes. It gets better over time.
It also thickens as the hominy absorbs broth.
NOTE: After simmering for a while, a dark green layer of fatty oil often rises to the
	top. I had a lot because I used more oil than my dad when roasting the garlic.
	I just spooned oil off the top until it mixed into the soup nicely.
	This oil is pretty good, too; tons of flavor.


Appendix:
Roasted garlic:
Either whole cloves or minced. My family buys the large containers of raw cloves
from Costco and roasts them in the oven with some oil. I just roasted some minced
garlic in a frying pan with oil for a few minutes.
NOTE: Burning the garlic makes it very bitter. Light to medium brown is what
	you want.
